README.md, before:

English | [简体中文](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/blob/main/README-cn.md)

# Serene - A blog theme for zola

Serene is a simple and clean blog theme for Static-Site-Generator [Zola](https://www.getzola.org/).

[Demo](https://serene-demo-site.vercel.app) | [Docs](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/wiki)

## Preview

<details>
  <summary>Click to see screenshots</summary>
  
  ![](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/blob/main/screenshots/1.png?raw=true)
  ![](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/blob/main/screenshots/2.png?raw=true)
  ![](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/blob/main/screenshots/3.png?raw=true)
  ![](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/blob/main/screenshots/4.png?raw=true)
  ![](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/blob/main/screenshots/5.png?raw=true)
  ![](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/blob/main/screenshots/6.png?raw=true)
  ![](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/blob/main/screenshots/7.png?raw=true)
</details>

## Features

- Personal website style
- Simple and clean, focus on content
- Dark mode
- Blog-related features
    - Sticky table-of-contents
    - Image zooming
    - Reading progress bar
    - Admonitions (Info, Important, Warning, etc.)
    - Out-of-date warning
    - Creative-Commons statement
    - Comments
    - Mathematical notations using [KaTeX](https://katex.org/)
    - Diagrams and visualizations using [Mermaid](https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid)
- Web analytics
- Projects page
- Easily customize

## How to use

See [docs](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/wiki).

## Contributing

If you found a bug or want a specific feature, just open an issue.

Be noticed that to keep serene simple, some needs may not be considered. You can implement it in your own site.

## Credits

- [Remixicon](https://remixicon.com/) for icons
- [Lightense Images](https://github.com/sparanoid/lightense-images) for image zooming
- This theme draws some inspiration from these awesome sites:
    - <https://www.zhangxiaochun.com/>
    - <https://lightquantum.me/>
    - <https://theme-cards.ichr.me/>
    - <https://brianlovin.com/>

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Initial updates to establish fork
- Remove Chinese version of README.md (I lack the knowledge to maintain it)
- Add my name to the LICENSE
- Add verbiage to the README.md to credit upstream and establish purpose
  of fork

README.md, after:

# paleoserene - A blog theme for zola

Paleoserene is a fork of @isunjn's beautiful [serene theme](https://github.com/isunjn/serene)
for [Zola](https://www.getzola.org).  This fork builds off of the old v0.2.0 branch of
the upstream project, as I wished to make some minor changes to meet my needs.

## Preview

This theme is live at https://beijaflor.es.

<details>
  <summary>Click to see screenshots</summary>
  
  ![](screenshots/1.png)
  ![](screenshots/2.png)
  ![](screenshots/3.png)
  ![](screenshots/4.png)
  ![](screenshots/5.png)
  ![](screenshots/6.png)
  ![](screenshots/7.png)
</details>

## Features

- Personal website style
- Simple and clean, focus on content
- Dark mode
- Blog-related features
    - Sticky table-of-contents
    - Image zooming
    - Reading progress bar
    - Admonitions (Info, Important, Warning, etc.)
    - Out-of-date warning
    - Creative-Commons statement
    - Comments
    - Mathematical notations using [KaTeX](https://katex.org/)
    - Diagrams and visualizations using [Mermaid](https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid)
- Web analytics
- Projects page
- Easily customize

## How to use

For now, see the upstream [docs](https://github.com/isunjn/serene/wiki).

## Contributing

You likely would prefer to contribute to the [upstream theme](https://github.com/isunjn/serene)
instead.  I am maintaining this fork mostly for my own use.  However, I am still open to
considering pull requests, if for some reason you want to make use of my tweaks too.

## Credits

- @isunjn for the original [serene](https://github.com/isunjn/serene) theme 
- [Remixicon](https://remixicon.com/) for icons
- [Lightense Images](https://github.com/sparanoid/lightense-images) for image zooming
- As per @isunjn, the serene theme takes inspiration from these awesome sites:
    - <https://www.zhangxiaochun.com/>
    - <https://lightquantum.me/>
    - <https://theme-cards.ichr.me/>
    - <https://brianlovin.com/>

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)
